Updated read_percentage function for cellranger multi metrics processing #704 (#705)
openpipelines-bio/openpipeline: CHANGELOG.md

* `move_obsm_to_obs`: fix setting output columns when they already exist (PR #690).

> * `convert/from_cellranger_multi_to_h5mu`: fix formatting function for percentage values in metrics_summary files (#704).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `convert/from_cellranger_multi_to_h5mu`: fix metric values not repesented as percentages being devided by 100. (#704).
```
